README.md, before:

# Whimsy
Whimsy is a simple terminal-based chat app made in NodeJS.

It is a hobby project and is completely open source, it contains commented and readable code for learning purpose.

## W.I.P
Whimsy is currently Work In Progress, I am working hard on it. If you want to contribute, read [**CONTRIBUTING.md**](/CONTRIBUTING.md).

# Setup
Install the dependencies with `npm install`.

# Usage
Run `npm start`
> NOTE: In the future, binaries will be released so users don't need to setup and run manually.

# More information
## Why use Whimsy?
Whimsy isn't designed to be an alternative to already-existing chat apps, such as Discord or Slack. **BUT**, if you want to use Whimsy, it is secure and open-source, completely free and no login data or any confindential data is needed, thus making it a safe alternative for
secure chatting compared to other apps, like the afromentioned Discord.
| Feature | Discord | Whimsy |
| --------------- | --------------- | --------------- |
| message storing | yes | no |
| data collection (telemetry) | yes | no |
| encrypted chats | yes | planned |
| voice calls | yes | no |
| peer-to-peer | no | yes |
| account | yes | no |

**Notes:**
- What account refers to is having a database with login data, having the user login and letting them logout, etc.
- Whimsy isn't made for a replacement to usual chat apps, so accounts are not actually planned. Also, a database would be needed, alongside authentication, two things that I don't know how to manage and can't pay. The nearest things to accounts is having a unique username.

## How does it work?
When using Whimsy, you can either join or host a chat room. Whimsy uses a local tunnel + websocket system to open a local server in the host's machine and allow for other people to join.

![Visual representation of join/host system](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e9394d47-da20-4c0e-80f2-b7cc0b8a6e56)

Commit message:

[REWORK] Update README.md + remove all old files

README.md, after:

# Whimsy

Whimsy is going through a rework in **Go**. Why? Because it was **TRASH**.

Not only the code was inconsitent, but also very messy, DRY wasn't applied, there were some dumb bugs, etc.

That's why Whimsy is being rewritten in Go, and some things are also changing.

## The new (expected) Whimsy

_Note that everything here is conceptual, a goal, not a promise. This is what I want, not what you will 100% get._

Now, instead of trusting LocalTunnel, you just open the server to the port you want and handle it's public avaliablity (can even open it to LocalTunnel).

Also, the backend is being reworked, and as now it's being made into a user-hosted centralized app, more features, including QoL changes, security improvments, etc.

Things like:

- Accounts (per-server, tho could make shared accounts client-side).
- Attachments, such as photos, videos, voice messages, etc. Maximum file size can be configured, with default being probably something between 100MB and 125MB.
- Banning, either through simple ID banning, or IP banning.
- Cool commands (old version had only a command to get pretty JSON of the server's raw info).
- And more!

Also, the client is probably getting an UI, tho it will first be also a terminal client.
